Now let's talk about AWS Device Farm,
which is a fully managed service that will test your web
and mobile applications against actual real
desktop browsers, real mobile devices and tablets.
And you can run these tests concurrently
to on multiple device which will speed up
the execution of all your tests.
And on top of it you can configure these devices
just like you want for example, the GPS
the language setting, the WiFi, the Bluetooth, et cetera.
So Device Farm is a real farm of devices
in the aid of its clouds.
So we have desktop browsers,
we have mobile devices, we have tablets.
All of these kinds of things are actual devices.
And us as a user of the Device Farm service
we can for example, test our application.
So think of it as like you're an Android programmer
or an iOS programmer
and you want you to make sure your app is working across
maybe tons of device, thousands of devices
and they're all different.
They'll have different screen size, et cetera, et cetera.
You can test them on Device Farm
and then you can catch these bugs very early.
You can even interact with these devices
and the Device Farm service will send you reports,
lugs and screenshots so you can deal with bugs in advance
based on the different devices that you run
your application onto
which can be extremely helpful.
So that's it for this service.
I hope you liked it.
And I will see you in the next lecture.